Reorganize release note titles/headings (#2190)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: release-notes/0.35.0.rst

-------------

- Python 3.8 reached end-of-life on Oct 7th, 2024. Qiskit SDK dropped support for 3.8 in ``qiskit 1.3``. In the same vein, ``qiskit-ibm-runtime`` does not support Python 3.8 anymore. (`2097 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime/pull/2097>`__)

> - Support for ``backend.run()`` has been removed. Please refer to our `migration guide <https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/migration-guides/qiskit-runtime>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for ``backend.run()`` has been removed. Refer to the `migration guide <https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/migration-guides/qiskit-runtime>`__
```

Reviewer: I updated the link to the new IQP docs.

>   for instructions on how to migrate any existing code that uses 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for instructions to migrate any existing code that uses 
```

  ``backend.run()`` to the new V2 primitives interface. (`1962 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime/pull/1962>`__)

> - Parameter expressions with RZZ gates will be checked against the values assigned to them in the pub. An ``IBMInputValueError`` will be raised if parameter values specified in the pub make a parameter expression evaluate to an invalid angle (negative or greater than ``pi/2``). (`2093 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime/pull/2093>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parameter expressions with RZZ gates will be checked against the values assigned to them in the PUB. An ``IBMInputValueError`` will be raised if parameter values specified in the PUB make a parameter expression evaluate to an invalid angle (negative, or greater than ``pi/2``). (`2093 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime/pull/2093>`__)
```
